Restructure Docs (#18)
CodeMC/Documentation: docs/faq/non-mc-projects.md

# Are non-Minecraft projects allowed?

> Yes.

Reviewer: I would be explicit about what kinds of non-MC projects we accept (Minecraft clones, completely different games, corporate-level apps, etc), or at the very least, be explicit about what kinds of projects we **don't** accept.

Author: I don't feel like this is a necessary thing here. At most could I say it needs to be a Java project that complies with our Usage Guidelines, but either giving examples of what we accept or not accept could leave open some holes for people to later abuse... Tho, that's my view of things.

Author: Should hopefully be clearer now

# Are non-Minecraft projects allowed?

**Short Answer:** Yes

> **Long Answer:** CodeMC accepts any Java project that shows a level of quality and usefulness for the overall Java Community, be it a library, a software or even a game.  

Reviewer: I feel excluded as a Kotlin user.

In all seriousness, I would implicitly include projects that are related to Java instead of explicitly saying "Java Community" to include projects that are technically "Java Projects" but don't have Java sources (e.g. Kotlin, Groovy, Scala, Clojure, etc). Also includes minor Grammarly changes.
```suggestion
**Long Answer:** CodeMC accepts any Java (or Java-related) project that shows thorough quality and usefulness for the overall programming community, be it a library, software, or even a game. If you're using Kotlin or Scala, your project should compile to the JVM while continuing to provide services intended for the community.
```
